 Healthcare -> It is a multi decadal theme. india is relative young company. many consumption is not left in world due to aging by 2035.  
 All positive bias compant by me and media -> guy will praise his investment . always check their track record. do not trust in social media . how to deal my bias. margin of safety(P/B and P/S) of entry price  will take care biases. take care of mgmt.
 What is margin difference between n-1 and n-> basic pharma value chain
 - basic chem(benzene)-> basic intermediate -> intermediate  intermediate -> advance intermediate -> basic api(cefropaxin , ibopurifin)-> highly patent and complex api(niche tech ,20-30 steo synthesis) -> formulation -> advance api(nce ,peptide etc)
 - generally if u supply final api generally marger will be higher.
 suven pharma -> suven have no capabality at api level despite give 40-45% ebita margin. there are several level. compex intermediate  and cost can genrerate good margin . divis hava all capabality from complex intermediate to api.so if only complex intermediate does not say it will low margin, it can have high margin .
 Orchid -> invest 280-285 rupees
 semaglutadie -> can have blodd bath due to competition - ex natco ,stride. large semaglutide capacity is there in india .so buy carefully as chinese enter in semaglutide.
 cdmo-> divis -> 1st gen buisness . check what is for next gen will do. neuland 50% first gen and 50% next gen . piramal phrama- credible player ,syngen biolgics is AA grade and best scietific capabality. laurus- proven mgmt with sensible capex and leverage innovator.laurus leverage intentional.laurus create niche technology and its is ahead of techn and optionality. see business in 5 year. do not invest in this sector if u do not have patience.
 Niche tech cdmo -> neuland ,suven ,cohance . We may get hikal and solara join soon . We do not have enough data on  stride. they have also carve out cdmo and not able to execute so far. check cdmo tracction.
 Major challenge of hikal and solara-> ancedotal is mix here , promoter do not need to be scientifc. But sun pharam dilip shangavi is exception. buy at low price(dearth cheap price) . great company can not change mgmt .solara currently iboprifean , but if not execute good it will have problem. check company add capabality cand capacity to make difference in competitive landscape.
 - valuation and margin of safety is a function of three things - mgmt,buiness and valuation. valuation is least imp as volatility will change can soon. 
 dischman carbogen(15 nov 2024,0.5= P/B) -> 170-180 max downside 10%  but critical in execution.  so keep margin of safety. but buy at 1 time P/B of this stock.  execution is key.
 textile ,consumer and consumer and pharma and defense is tracked  by sajal kapoor.
 Makers Lab,resoannce and Bliss GVS -> better nich tech , good mgmt . non of company is doing any active engagment . bliss gvs is doing good and doing good.buy at 110 rupes in oct 25.  maker and resoance hold stock by sajal kappor. they are kind of ipca group company . maker show some improvement . maker hold 50% inresionance , it is pyridine chemistry . bet smaller and check balance sheet should not have high debt . recntly get us fda approval. 
 Windlas, Akum,innova captab( generic cdmo risk and competition from china) -> sajal invested in windlas as he like mgmt. hypotetical scenario-chinese do export in us and japan  and if somehow not able to find market due to geopolitical then all company will mfg in china and generic cdmo will be trouble ,similar to chemical company. news is negative  so stock is cheap.
 Kopran -> panoli plant is not running and margin is lower . similar to solara , we are not expecting greate earning from them. buy below  200 rupees but ask evidence. note that why u bought stock and why u r selling.
 Windlas -> unorganised to organised move , govt regulation for who qulity. india formulation market in single digit but generic cdmo going in double digit. danger - chines competition in case of geoplitics 
 Medical device companies ->
 Best way to read "Framing Business Uncertainty" ->
 Hikal Feud ->
 Narayana Hrudalaya ->
 Neuland Labs way ahead ->
 IOLCP ->
 Prataap Snacks ->
